welcome to the man of recaps this is
Game of Thrones season 8 the final
season John and Daenerys make it to
Winterfell but since is not happy to see
them the northern Lords all made John
King in the north but now he's gone in
bet the need of this random girl Jon's
like hey everyone chill out Daenerys is
awesome and I'm not just talking about
in bed cuz we're totally doing it
Daenerys has her two dragons with her
and John's like hey do you think I can
ride one which button do i press oh I'm
flying on a dragon it's super epic and
Daenerys seeing a whole new world from
Aladdin these two are crazy in love
nothing could tear them apart except
bran knows the secret of John's true
parentage Sam fills John in on what we
learned last season he's not the bastard
of Ned Stark at all he's the true born
son of his sister Lyanna stark and
rhaegar targaryen John's like oh my god
I've been boning my aunt
Sam's more concerned about the fact that
he's the true heir to the Iron Throne
John's like oh yeah I guess that too
meanwhile Jamie Lannister makes it to
Winterfell it's like hey where's the
Lannister army we went through all the
trouble last season of going beyond the
wall to capture a zombie show it to
Cersei so she would join us in the war
Jaime's like oh yeah now that's not
gonna happen
Cersei is totally content to let the
army of the dead slaughter them all
she's got new reinforcements Joran
Greyjoy brought over the golden company
a powerful mercenary army part of urines
deal for joining her is that they get
married so these two bay Euron's got
Yara Greyjoy hostage for all of five
minutes before Theon rescues her she's
like well I don't really have anything
to do this season I'm just gonna piece
right out of the show so they're
planning the battle against the White
Walkers Jon's like we're way outnumbered
is there any way we can win bran points
out that in movies if you kill the main
villain his army of minions conveniently
died and that's the best plan they got
that night a bunch of main characters
just hang around and drink torment tells
the story of how he suckled on Giants
milk and Jamie decides to Knight Brienne
one of the truest Knights in the series
now officially has a sir good for her
Arya Stark finds Gendry these two are
best friends in the early seasons and he
was always super hot but now she's old
enough to appreciate it she's like hey
fancy a shag he's like whoa our yeah
we're like sisters whoa oh okay wait a
minute are we getting a sex scene with
Arya we watched her grow up it's a
little weird but she's like yo I'm 22
google it and they get it on John and
Danny do not get it on though he's like
hey this is awkward but
nephew we can't bang anymore she's like
I'm more concerned with the fact that
you're ahead of me in the line of
succession but their condo is
interrupted by the white walkers the
Battle of the long night is here it's
gonna be an epic battle all our main
characters are here
Melisandre shows up she's like oh I
can't believe I almost missed this she
lights the dothraki arcs on fire cool
they're so amped they charge right in
it's an epic shot but jours like wait is
this the best use of our cavalry
charging right into a zombie horde Jorah
survives along with four total Dothraki
so yeah maybe not the best idea and here
we go zombie fight a hork of them
swarming over all the living don't stand
a chance luckily they have dragons yes
this is what Game of Thrones has been
building up to for eight seasons
Daenerys is John riding dragons burnin
aiding the zombies John wants to take
the battle directly to the White Walkers
but they summon a blizzard and nullify
the dragon advantage the good guys laid
a fire trench which buys them about five
seconds and then it's zombie battle in
Winterfell
Arya with her spear thing but somehow
she ends up wandering around the library
the hounded Barrett come to rescue her
and Barrett gets stabbed a million times
on the way out
he is dead for good this time no more
revives cuz he doesn't have a red priest
except Melisandre was actually standing
right there
I guess she didn't want to waste the
spell slots Theon is with bran in the
godswood they're trying to lure the
knight King out it's like hey brand you
want to use your warm powers to help
somehow brands like no I'm good just
sitting here and the night King arrives
riding on his undead dragon John and
Danny go up to chase him and it's a
dragon battle yes so epic except without
me lightening it it looked like this a
lot less exciting but if you can see it
- oh man it is actually really sweet
Daenerys knocks the night King off his
dragon he's down on the ground and it's
like ricardus boom dragon fire yeah this
guy's totally dead except they do the
Dragon Ball Z thing where they wait for
the smoke to clear and he's unharmed so
it's all come down to the 1v1 sword
fight Jon Snow versus the night king
except the night king uses his Ray's
dead ability
everyone that just died is coming back
as a zombie
Ranjan get to him before it's too late
oh oh it's too late I guess we just
won't have an epic sword fight zombies
are coming to life all over Winterfell
down in the crypts with the women and
children Tyrians got a good buzz on
after his fourth flagon he's like wait a
second the enemy can raise the dead
should we be hiding in the crypts no no
you should not
the ancient Starks come back to life and
start killing extras Tyrians like yeah I
thought we were smarter than this the
living are getting overwhelmed John
makes a beeline for the night king
that's their only chance of survival but
he's blocked by an undead dragon so the
white walkers head to the godswood
beyond gives a foolhardy charge and
instantly gets owned then the night King
approaches bran
my ancient enemy the three-eyed Raven
shall we have a duel for the ages brands
like no I'm kind of good just sitting
here oh okay then but wait what's this
out of the Mist are you leaping in for
the kill but she stopped fool no man can
kill me I am no man drops the dagger and
Valyrian steel to the heart
oh he explodes Aria kills the night King
as predicted the whole army of the Dead
was connected to his Wi-Fi so they all
collapse incredibly all our main
characters survived oh except Jorah he
got stabbed a bunch he dead Melisandre
walks out takes off her magic necklace
that keeps her young and high and she's
so old she disintegrates into dust Davos
is like oh my man stan has put his D in
that there's a big funeral if you want
to cry and then a party if you want a
drink
tormund finally makes his move on
Brienne but she's not really feeling it
she's into Jamie wait are these two
gonna do it yeah they get it on even
John and Danny going for it again until
he remembers they're elated he's like
man if I'm gonna bone my aunt I'm gonna
have to get a lot drunker so the White
Walkers are defeated but now it's time
for the war on Cersei with all of their
losses and Circe's reinforcements the
odds are dangerously even Daenerys is
like yo it's no big deal I still got two
dragons they are a huge advantage unless
one gets shot in the chest Oh what it's
just a flesh wound he'll be fine oh no
in the neck yeah that dragons dead it
was the cartoon pirate you're on Greyjoy
hiding his whole fleet behind a rock
they've got bigger badder crossbows and
he wipes out ten Harris's fleet most of
them make it to land except for miss
sandy
who is captured he's like hey baby I
killed the dragon for you she's like
thanks and congrats you got me pregnant
he's like after just one time I'm the
man of course she is lying to him we
found out she was pregnant last season
it's Jamie's so Daenerys and Cersei
meets Tyrians like hey Cersei you can't
win just surrender we'll let you live if
not for yourself do it for your unborn
child if you're on were a smarter man
he'd wonder how Tyrion knows when he
only found out five minutes ago but Iran
is not a smarter man
anyway Cersei has no intention of
surrendering she executes Smith Sunday
right there oh you done messed up
Daenerys is mad now she's gonna burn the
whole city to the ground
Vera steps in like hey that's a figure
of speech right because remember there's
million innocent people in there but
Daenerys seems uncharacteristically
unconcerned earlier John told his
siblings they're actually cousins and
he's a Targaryen Sansa would much prefer
John as king to Daenerys so she
immediately tells Tyrion and Tyrion can
keep a secret so he immediately tells
Varys now Barry says like hey John
Denny's acting crazy I think you should
be king but Jon says the only two lines
he has this season I don't want it she
is my queen Tyrion saw this going down
he's like hey Danny Varys is trying to
replace you because you're been acting
crazy she's like what oh I wouldn't want
him to think that let me prove I'm fine
by burning him alive then it's time for
the Battle of King's Landing Cersei is
feeling pretty good she's got the
strongest mercenary army in the world
she's got a ton of huge ass crossbows
plus a ton more on the iron fleet Danny
can't possibly use drogon unless she has
a good strategy turns out she does it's
to fly straight at the iron fleet dodge
the one bolt they shoot at her and then
burn the whole thing no problem okay but
there's a ton more on the city walls
there's no way she can dodge all of
those and oh yeah actually she does she
takes them all out but they're still the
golden company the strongest Oh No
yeah they're taken out to one shot so
the good guys march in with no
resistance the Lannisters are like yeah
we clearly lost we surrender ring the
bells so the good guys won cut to the
epilogue where we see that they live
happily ever after
why is Danny looking like that she's
like you know what this battle was way
too easy and unsatisfying I think I'm
gonna go burn the surrendering Lannister
troops and keep it going into civilians
Daenerys what are you doing burn
[Music]
earlier Aria in the hound we're on an
assassination mission to take out Cersei
before the battle now that Daenerys is
destroying the city that's kind of a
moot point but the Hound still has to
fight his evil older brother the hound
versus the mountain it's cooking ball
bang boom yeah big fight oh the Hound
stabs him in the chest but boom the
mountain don't even feel it he pulls
that sword right out cuz he's a crazy
undead Frankenstein monster he pulls his
signature move of the over and head
crush but the Hound manages to stab him
in the face Oh even that doesn't slow
him down
so Sandor tackles his brother out of the
burning cape and I fall together into
the flames below also earlier Jaime
wanted to go back to King's Landing to
help Cersei brands like hold on you've
had a whole Redemption arc Circe's the
worst you're better than that he's like
yeah I mean I may be a good guy now but
I still want to bang my sister Jamie
made it to the red keep too late the
doors were shut so he tries to come
around the back way and who should show
up but you're on Greyjoy he's like hey
Kingslayer why don't we fight for no
reason
Jamie's like what but we're on the same
side oh my god I'm tackled you're on
stabs him right in the lungs I mean
that's a death blow but Jamie's fine and
he stabs you're on Jamie makes it to
Cersei and the twins embrace they're
gonna sneak out the back but it's
already blocked so the siblings and
lovers die in each others arms
now King's Landing is completely
destroyed Jon goes to talk to Daenerys
who looks a lot like an evil queen at
this point he's like yeah I mean she
went a little overboard there but at
least now she can rule in peace except
she's like hey that felt good let's go
conquer the whole world periods like
this is not what I signed up for so he
resigns his hand and goes to jail then
Daenerys makes it to the Iron Throne
what we've been rooting for since season
1 just not like this
Jon goes to her he's like hey Daenerys
by the way burning civilians is not cool
she's like now don't worry about it baby
their descendants can grow up in a
better world that I've created Jon has
to choose between the woman he loves and
what's probably best for the world and
it looks like Jon chooses love these two
starts smooching oh wait what's this
oh he stabbed her in the heart Jon Snow
kills Daenerys it's an epic sacrifice
and he's so sad Joe God shows up though
like what the f bro he lashes out and
burns not John but the Iron Throne
itself this symbolizes how the quest for
power Cara
it's everyone or whatever and drogon
picks up Daenerys and they fly off into
the distance Daenerys Targaryen the
unburnt mother of dragons who brought
magic back into the world is flying off
into the realm of legend sometime later
they hold a Great Council with the
remaining Lords of Westeros grey worm
and the unsullied have been holding the
city and Daenerys his name but he has no
idea what to do Tyrion is like hey I
know I'm a prisoner but I think we
should elect a king and I think it
should be Brandon stark what why him
that's probably the most boring choice
he's like yeah I think boring is what
the realm needs right now
friends like yeah sure whatever bro and
the other Lords are like yeah I mean I
guess Sansa is like hey I support you
bro but I think the north should be
independent brands like yeah I'm cool
with that the other lords are like wait
was that an option but it's too late
they already voted so all hail King
brand the broken now what about Jon Snow
his sisters want him freed about the
unsullied want him executed so they
compromised and they banished him to the
Nights Watch
he's like you've got to be kidding me so
Tyrion is made hand of the king they
have their first small council meeting
Sam is the archmaester he helped write
the history book A Song of Ice and Fire
he's like trust me guys the books are a
lot better Davos is a good dude so he's
master of ships Brienne gets to beat
Lord Commander of the Kingsguard and
Bronn is there as master of coin he had
a short subplot where Cersei hired him
to kill her brothers he tracked them
down like making me a better offer and
they're like well if we win you can have
Highgarden so yeah out of everyone bran
basically won the game of Thrones he
went from nothing to high lord king bran
rolls up to the meeting brands like hey
guys I'm gonna be a real chill hands off
King you guys are on the realm just
don't screw it up too bad Sansa is named
Queen in the north it's very nice for
her and the northern Lords get to chant
again Arya decides to set sail for
adventure she's gonna find out what's
west of Westeros but no one's ever made
it before so unless there's been huge
advancements in ship technology her
voyage is probably doomed up at the wall
it's Jon Snow it's like wait a minute
the White Walkers are defeated is there
even a Night's Watch anymore no there's
not it's just his bro tormund than the
wildlings they're like hey we're going
home north of the wall and he's like
yeah I guess I'll roll with so Jon Snow
the bastard who was a king constantly
fighting for the realm above his own
wants and needs rides off into the
sunset and that's how Game of Thrones
comes to an end it's been
an epic journey my first ever video was
Game of Thrones season 1 watch that
whole playlist now and relive all the
amazing game of throne Plus me five
years ago ahead awesome long hair the
biggest show of the decade may finally
be over but there's a lot more awesome
TV out there and though recaps are gonna
keep coming so hit that subscribe button
and stay tuned for more man of recaps